---
layout: post
title: "Hello fellow mountaineer!!"
author: nitya_n
modified:
categories: blog
excerpt:
tags: [firebase, machine-learning, deep-learning, android, internet-of-things, progressive-web-apps, new-technology]
image:
  feature: color-greenery.png
  credit: Placehold.it
  creditlink: https://placehold.it/
comments: false
share: true
---


# Welcome 

> You're off to Great Places! <br/>
> Today is your day! <br/>
> Your mountain is waiting.<br/>
> So .. get on your way!! <br/>
> 
>   _"Oh, the places you'll go"_ 
>   by Dr. Seuss

That has always been one of my favorite quotes. 

While I have never been mountain-climbing (hmm.. does hiking small hills count?), I've always seen it as an analogy for learning, regardless of what the focus of the learning is.

In both cases, you set a hard goal and then work step by step to get there. The journey may be rough, but reaching the summit is always worth the effort it took to get there.

As a new climber, you probably start by exploring the small, easy mountains on your own, just to see if you like it. But when you want to attempt the more challenging summits, you invariably do it with a team. And, having a trail guide (who has made the journey many times) makes a big difference.

Those teams often have climbers with different levels of expertise. For some this is their first trip up that mountain, while for others it is about making a familiar trip but with potentially new challenges, or simply taking the same journey to see what they missed before, or how they could do it better. 

And however different their goals or backgrounds - they all share the same goal: _to reach the summit_. And they all know that getting there is easier and more fun, when they do it together.

And that is the philosophy I hope to bring to study camps. 

Every technology is a new mountain to climb. The first may be tough but the next will be easier. By the third, you will be eagerly anticipating the challenge. And by the fourth, you may well be the guide for others.

The only question now is: _what mountain should you climb first?_


### Mountain #1: Firebase

_I've been using Firebase and talking about it at developer events for a few months. But I've found that I've only scratched the surface of what the platform can really do. So, in 2017, I'm tackling that mountain first. Join me._

I'm hoping to run a 1-day _Firebase Study Camp_ in Hudson Valley and/or the Capital Region (Albany area) in late February. Want to join the expedition? 
[**Sign up here**](http://bit.ly/firebase-camp-2017) and I'll notify you when I scheduled it.

